 FOR FORK 
 
~~~~~~~IGNORE TEST~~~~~
Raising child signal 
forked sucesfully
forked sucesfully
forked sucesfully
Raising child signal 
Raising child signal 
forked sucesfully
forked sucesfully

Raising child signal 
forked sucesfully
Raising child signal 
~~~~HANDLER TEST~~~~~~
SIGUSR1 received
Raising child signal 
SIGUSR1 received
SIGUSR1 received
forked sucesfully
SIGUSR1 received
SIGUSR1 received
SIGUSR1 received
forked sucesfully
SIGUSR1 received
SIGUSR1 received
forked sucesfully
SIGUSR1 received
Raising child signal 
SIGUSR1 received
SIGUSR1 received
Raising child signal 
SIGUSR1 received
SIGUSR1 received
forked sucesfully
SIGUSR1 received
SIGUSR1 received
SIGUSR1 received
forked sucesfully

SIGUSR1 received
Raising child signal 
SIGUSR1 received
SIGUSR1 received
forked sucesfully
SIGUSR1 received
Raising child signal 
SIGUSR1 received
~~~~~~MASK TEST~~~~~~ 

~~~~~~PENDING TEST~~~~~ 
signal 10 is not pending
signal 10 is not pending
forked sucesfully
signal 10 is not pending
signal 10 is not pending
signal 10 is not pending
forked sucesfully


 FOR EXEC 
~~~~~~~IGNORE TEST~~~~~
Raising child signal 
forked sucesfully
forked sucesfully
forked sucesfully
Raising child signal 
Raising child signal 
forked sucesfully
forked sucesfully

Raising child signal 
forked sucesfully
Raising child signal 
~~~~~~MASK TEST~~~~~~ 

~~~~~~PENDING TEST~~~~~ 
signal 10 is not pending
signal 10 is not pending
forked sucesfully
signal 10 is not pending
signal 10 is not pending
signal 10 is not pending
forked sucesfully


